{0:"HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) is a virus. You may hear that someone is
HIV infected, has HIV infection, or has HIV disease. These are all terms that mean the
person has HIV in his or her body and can pass the virus to other people.
HIV attacks the body’s immune system. The immune system protects the body
from infections and disease, but has no clear way to protect it from HIV. Without
treatment, most people infected with HIV become less able to fight off the germs
that we are exposed to every day. Many of these germs do not usually make a
healthy person sick, but they can cause life-threatening infections and cancers in
a person whose immune system has been weakened by HIV. HIV treatments can
slow this process and allow people with HIV to live longer, healthier lives (see
question 66).
People infected with HIV may have no symptoms for ten or more years. They may
not know they are infected. An HIV test is the only way to find out if you have HIV"
,
1:"AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome) is a late stage of HIV disease.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), a person
with HIV infection has AIDS when he or she:
• has a CD4 cell count (a way to measure the strength of the immune system)
that falls below 200. A normal CD4 cell count is 500 or higher.
OR
• develops any of the specific, serious conditions – also called AIDS-defining
illnesses – that are linked with HIV infection (see Appendix for a list of these
conditions). "
2: "A person of any age, sex, race, ethnic group, religion, economic background, or
	sexual orientation can get HIV.
Those who are most at risk are:
• people who have “unprotected sex” with someone
who has HIV. Unprotected sex means vaginal, anal,
or oral sex without using a condom.
• people who share needles, syringes, or other
equipment to inject drugs, steroids, or even vitamins
or medicine with someone who has HIV.
• Babies can potentially become infected during their
mothers’ pregnancy, during delivery, or after birth
in the immediate post-partum period. They can also
become infected through breastfeeding.
A person of any
age, sex, race,
ethnic group,
religion, economic
background, or
sexual orientation
can get HIV.
• Health care and maintenance workers who may be exposed to blood and/or
body fluids at work sometimes get infected through on-the-job exposures like
needle-stick injuries (see question 31). ",

3:" Medicines that fight HIV have helped many people with HIV and AIDS live years
and even decades longer than was possible in the past, before effective treatment
was available. HIV treatments are not a cure, and they do not work equally well for
everyone, but they have extended the lives of many people with HIV and AIDS.
Without treatment, some people live for just a few years after getting HIV. Others
live much longer. Researchers are studying a small number of people with HIV
who have not become ill for more than ten years, even without any HIV treatment.
However, these people are still infected with HIV and can pass the virus to others. " 

4: "No. There is no vaccine to prevent HIV infection. Researchers are working to
develop a vaccine. Vaccines in development are being tested to find out if they
work. "

5: " No. There is no cure for HIV or AIDS. However, there are medicines that fight
HIV and help people with HIV and AIDS live longer, healthier lives. "

6: " According to the United Nations organization UNAIDS, as of 2003 there were
an estimated 40 million persons living with HIV and AIDS worldwide. Of these,
37 million were adults, and 2.5 million were under age 15. The overwhelming
majority of persons with HIV live in resource-poor countries.
As of December 2002, 517,000 persons were known to be living with HIV and AIDS
in the United States. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
estimates that 170,000 more Americans are infected with HIV but do not know it.
Additionally, CDC estimates that 501,669 persons had died from AIDS in the U.S.
as of December 2002. "

7: " As of December 2007, more than 180,674 persons in New York State had been
diagnosed with AIDS; approximately 73,889 of those persons are still living. Of
those 73,889 persons living with AIDS:
• 44% are African American.
• 30% are Hispanic.
• 25% are white.
• 0.7% are Asian/Pacific Islander.
• 0.1% are Native American.
• 26% are women.
• 5% are under the age of 25.
• 15% are over the age of 50." 

8: " Update not available"

9: " HIV is spread when infected blood, semen, vaginal fluids,
or breast milk gets into the bloodstream of another person
through:
• direct entry into a blood vessel;
• mucous linings, such as the vagina, rectum, penis,
mouth, eyes, or nose; or
• a break in the skin.
HIV is not spread through saliva (spit).
You can only get
HIV if infected
blood, semen,
vaginal fluids, or
breast milk gets
into your body.
HIV is spread in the following ways:
• Having vaginal, anal, or oral sex without using a condom.
• Sharing needles, syringes, or works to inject drugs, vitamins, hormones,
steroids, or medicines.
• Women with HIV infection can pass HIV to their babies during pregnancy,
delivery, and breastfeeding.
• People who are exposed to blood and/or body fluids at work, like health care
workers, may be exposed to HIV through needle-sticks or other on-the-job
exposures. ",

10: " No. But it is important to know that you can be infected by a single exposure to
HIV-infected blood, semen, or vaginal fluids. Whether a person becomes infected
after being exposed to HIV depends on how the virus enters the body and the
amount of virus that enters the body",

11: "To be updated",

12: "To be updated",

13: "To be updated",

14: "To be updated",

15: "To be updated",

16: "To be updated",

17: "To be updated",

18: "To be updated",

19:"To be updated",

20:"To be updated",

21:"To be updated",
22:"To be updated",
23:"To be updated",
24:"To be updated",
25:"To be updated",
26:"To be updated",
27:"To be updated",
28:"To be updated",
29:"To be updated",
30:"To be updated",
31:"To be updated",
32:"To be updated" }


